[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
Katie Paige is with us, the
CEO of the Rocky Mountain Ranch
Research and the co-host
of the UAP Studies podcast.
Katie conducts independent
UFO investigations
and is currently writing her new
book, The Rocky Mountain Ranch,
Crafts, Cattle,
Cryptids, and Cover-Ups.
What are the cover-ups, Katie?
>>KATIE PAIGE: Well,
for over 10 years
now, I've been doing a deep
dive on experiences my family
and myself had out in Elbert
County Colorado at a very
high strangeness location very
similar to the Skinwalker Ranch.
>>NOORY: Same type of thing?
>>PAIGE: Same type of thing.
Almost identical
really, in so many ways.
And one of the questions I
always had was, how much of this
is our own Black Access
projects going on out there?
We do have evidence
from the APRO files,
which stands for the
Aerial Phenomena Research
Organization, that shows that
we had soldiers from Camp
Carson on the
property that NORAD
was aware of what was
going on out there, as well
as the directive, Air
Force Academy head
was aware of what was
going on out there.
So I've always
wondered how much of it
was actual unexplained
paranormal phenomenon, UAPs,
and such, and how much of it,
was Black Access government
projects.
So it's taken me down so
many rabbit holes, George.
>>NOORY: Did many
people die on the ranch?
>>PAIGE: Not to my
knowledge, but what's
interesting about that is
looking at some of the aircraft.
So from '75 to
'78, this is where
Linda Moulton Howe got her start
out there in Elbert County.
>>NOORY: That's right.
You are absolutely right.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, and
during those years,
the number of aircraft
crashes in that area
is really high compared to other
years, where the phenomena seem
to calm down.
And through the decades I
have found that the phenomena,
for whatever reason, and
I have a few theories
on why this might be, but it
seems to heighten and then
kind of drop a little bit,
and heighten, and drop,
and heighten.
And it seems to go
on this almost seven
or eight-year cycle.
>>NOORY: Katie, paint us
a picture of the ranch.
What's it look like?
>>PAIGE: Yeah,
well, it's 60 acres.
It's out there--
>>NOORY: Secluded?
>>PAIGE: Well, it
was secluded back
in the '70s, but there's a lot
of cattle ranches out there.
Obviously, now, in 2024, we have
more development in the area
than we did back in the '70s.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>PAIGE: But even now,
it's still pretty secluded.
But it was a 60-acre ranch,
and back in the day it was very
isolated.
Even the driveway to get to
the ranch house was over a mile
long.
>>NOORY: Has it
always been 60 acres?
>>PAIGE: No, it's been parceled
down throughout the decades.
Yeah, so it was
much larger then.
And back in the mid to late '70s
there was nothing really around
it.
So it was over a few
hundred acres at the time.
And it sits really high
in the town of Kiowa.
It's the highest
elevation out there.
So it does have
a high elevation.
It's right there in
the Palmer Divide,
and you can see Pike's
Peak off in the distance.
So it's a really
beautiful location.
But the history of the
property goes back a long time.
And trying to figure out
if the activity predated
the military presence, I
found out that the homestead,
it was known as the Mulligan
Ranch, and then the Baker Ranch.
So the Mulligan's and--
>>NOORY: These are the owners?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, these were the
previous owners of the ranch
before our family got there.
And the Mulligan's is
really interesting.
There was a gentleman by
the name of Dick Mulligan,
and he was born and raised
on this ranch property,
and later in his life
he became the caretaker
for Winter Park Ski Resort.
And if you google
his name, it'll
say Dick Mulligan had the gift
of gab and bold exaggeration.
And I'm thinking oh,
I think he was trying
to tell people what was
happening back in the day of all
the strange things.
Yeah, and nobody believed him.
So the history goes
back quite a long ways.
And then the Bakers who owned
it after that, it sat vacant
for 10 years, and then
the Bakers purchased it.
They left the ranch
property so suddenly
that they left the keys in
the ignition of their truck.
And they said there was a
building on this ranch property,
and it vanished.
They left a lot of
their belongings
there and just
left the property.
And then it sat vacant
for another 10 years.
And then my mother started
dating a gentleman that
owned the property for
those high strangeness years
when I had my experiences there,
along with my sister and others
on the ranch property.
>>NOORY: How would you
categorize the ranch, Katie,
in terms of paranormal?
Is it haunted, bizarre, strange?
What would you say?
>>PAIGE: I would say
it's the trifecta of.
I mean, we have--
>>NOORY: All of them?
>>PAIGE: All of them.
We have the cryptids.
So there were what they
called white fuzzies back
in the day or these gray-haired,
like Sasquatch creatures that
were seen out there.
We had paranormal activity
going on, not only there,
but I also had it follow
me to where I lived.
So I only visited the ranch.
My mom was dating the gentleman.
Their two youngest son lived
with us during the week,
so I would visit the
ranch on the weekends,
so I did not live
there full time.
So the activity,
the paranormal stuff
kind of followed me home to my
house in Englewood, at the time,
and still does to this day.
Kind of, I have a lot
of those ghostly things
happen to me all the time.
But we also had, the cryptids,
the paranormal stuff.
We had the UFO and
the orb activity
out there as well, and then
the military side of it.
So it's these blacked out
helicopters and things
like that.
>>NOORY: Were you
ever scared there?
>>PAIGE: Oh, yeah as a little
girl, I was very scared.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, yes.
>>NOORY: Give us a story or two.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, the scariest
night on the ranch for us,
it was the boy's
mother's birthday.
It was a weekend,
we were visiting,
the adults were playing board
games in the front room.
My sister, myself,
and the three boys
were in the back room
just hanging out,
being teenagers, and
kids or whatever.
And one of the very first things
that was reported on this ranch
were these strange hum sounds.
Sometimes they would get
so loud that you couldn't
hear each other speak over it.
And they were always
trying to figure out,
where are these strange
hums coming from?
What are these strange noises?
And any time these
hums would start up,
unusual things would start to
happen on the ranch property.
This particular night,
the hum started up.
All the power in
the house goes out,
so we're all like, oh my gosh,
we need flashlights, candles,
we're already scared
and freaked out.
I saw the brightest light I've
ever seen out of that window.
And at that point
in time, we heard
this disembodied, electrical
sounding voice out
of every orifice of the house.
And what's really
interesting about this,
my sister and I remember
this and my mother,
but in the APRO report
is the exact quote that
says, "Attention, we have
allowed you to remain.
We have interfered with
your lives very little.
Do not cause us to take
action which you will regret.
Your friends will be instructed
to remain silent concerning us."
We were the friends,
so we were threatened
and warned not to talk about
what was happening there.
And I know that quote, because
it was in the APRO report,
the Aerial Phenomena
Research Organization.
>>NOORY: Who was
sending those messages?
>>PAIGE: Well, for a long
time, that was a big question.
I'm like, where
did this come from?
What is this?
In my research, George, my
theory is that back in the mid
to late '70s, perhaps they were
experimenting with some new
technologies, some
laser technologies,
arrays underground.
But I found something called
plasma ball technology.
And this plasma ball technology,
they were experimenting
with that kind of pipes,
human sounding voice out
into the field.
So if you're in
battle, you don't
have to put your men and women
out there and risk their lives.
You can pipe out this
human sounding voice.
And when I heard this
for the first time,
it sounded like the
voice I heard when
I was a child on that ranch.
So I'm like, were they
experimenting with plasma ball
technology out there?
I tend to think that's
where I'm leaning
on that particular event.
However, that doesn't
explain the big bright light.
We didn't hear
helicopter noises.
It doesn't explain
the paranormal types
of things that's going on.
So I'm always left with a
back and forth, kind of.
>>NOORY: Katie, might
it be hallowed ground--
>>PAIGE: I think so.
>>NOORY: --from like, hundreds
and hundreds of years ago.
>>PAIGE: For sure.
That's a very nomadic land.
We have a history of
many tribes out there,
from the Cheyenne, the Ute, the
Comanche, the Pawnee, the Kiowa,
and so very much
sacred spots out there.
And, of course, we have
the family of the Hungates.
So the Hungate family
lived in Kiowa, Colorado.
They were massacred
by a Native tribe.
They were taken down to the
city of Denver, put in right
out front of the State Capitol.
That was the impetus for the
horrific Sand Creek Massacre
event out there,
which was horrific.
So yeah, there were a lot of
very traumatic things that
happened in that whole area.
And I wonder
sometimes if the land,
and the water, and the
streams, holds that energy.
I'm not sure, but that's
something I certainly consider.
>>NOORY: There's
something, Katie,
called the circle in the
snow about a landing site.
What was that?
>>PAIGE: When my sister
and I visited the ranch
on a particular weekend, it
was a typical Colorado spring
day where we had wet,
heavy snow on the ground,
but the sun was shining.
It was a beautiful day.
So we decided to go
flip the Frisbee out
in front of the ranch house,
and we looked down at our feet
and there was this
large snowless circle
on the ground where it
was completely dry dirt,
nothing grew.
And on the outside
was wet, heavy snow.
It was just a really
strange experience.
And then fast forward
we get the APRO report
and in it, it talks about
seeing this large snow circle.
The investigators, there were
three PhDs on the property--
John Durr, PhD, Peter
Vanarsdall, PhD,
and Dr. Leo Sprinkle, PhD.
They measured the snow circle.
>>NOORY: All experts?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, all experts.
It was 75 feet in diameter,
and in that report
it mentions drops
of blood in the snow
outside the snowless circle.
It also mentioned two snowless
circles on the property.
What's fascinating about
that, just recently
I'm looking back into
and investigating--
The Rocky Mountain
Ranch Research
is investigating
the Carl Higdon case
from 1974 out of
Rollins, Wyoming.
And what's interesting
about the snow circle.
I've been researching, and I was
just invited at the King Ranch
where Snippy the horse
was mutilated in 1967.
And in the Snippy
the horse case,
they had these indentations in a
circle around Snippy the horse,
and it measured 75 feet--
>>NOORY: Like a landing site?
>>PAIGE: Like a landing site.
And it also measured
75 feet in diameter.
So I think there's something
to that 75 feet in diameter.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>PAIGE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That is bizarre.
>>PAIGE: Right,
it's really strange.
>>NOORY: You had an
experience in 1976
with what is called
the strange box.
What was that?
>>PAIGE: That's kind of my
area of focus right now,
are these strange,
mysterious boxes.
They're so unusual,
and I didn't like
to talk about them for a
while because people are like,
what are you even talking about?
But in the APRO report, I
had experience with this box
as well.
In the daytime, me and
my mother's boyfriend
and the youngest son
were in a pickup truck.
It was during the day we went
out behind the ranch house
and it's filled with Ponderosa
pines, this big wooded forest.
We got something
out of the shed.
We get in the pickup truck
and we're driving around,
and this electrical sounding
like, almost like a bee sound,
we hear it.
He stops the truck and
he's like, it's the box,
it's the box.
This box, it was a black box,
it had lights inside of it,
it was off the ground,
maybe 3 and 1/2, 4 feet.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, it's
just hovering there.
Turn around, and the
thing disappeared.
What's fascinating about that
is-- we jumped in the truck
and we take off.
It was very frightening.
But the undersheriff, Bill
Waugh, who's in the report,
states that he had an experience
with the same similar kind
of a black box.
He doesn't want to
approach it alone.
So he goes and gets
a posse sheriff,
and they go back to where
the box was located,
and he said the box seemed
to go down under the ground
along with the tree.
It's in the report.
Other adults also have
witnessed this strange box.
So one case, I'm looking at
that has a box encounter, also,
is the Carl Higdon case out
of Rollins, Wyoming from 1974,
kind of around the same time
of the boxes in Elbert County.
And Carl Higdon, who
was an elk hunter,
was out elk hunting in
Medicine Bow National Forest,
sees a big bull
elk, takes a shot,
sees his bullet
go in slow motion,
hits like an invisible
force, kind of
like at the ranch,
the bullet drops,
and he has this encounter
with Ausso One, this ET,
and he claims to go
into this big box.
Also, my good friend Trey Hudson
has had a similar encounter
with a box at The Meadows, which
is another high strangeness
location down South.
>>NOORY: Katie, you
gave us a video clip
of you returning back to
the location of that spot
where you found the box.
Let's take a look.
>>PAIGE: So right
here, I think, is
where he pulled the truck over.
Stop right here a minute.
>>MAN: Right here.
>>PAIGE: The box would--
I got to get out.
This is amazing to me.
The box, this is it.
You have the truck here.
It would have been right there.
This is it.
Here, this is it.
This is where I saw it.
It was off the ground.
My hand is shaking right now.
I was like, standing here-ish.
That's how far away it was.
And I just remember
being over here.
Jack was screaming, it's
the box, it's the box.
And it sounded like it
was going, [VOCALIZES].
And I just remember him, get
in the truck, get in the truck,
get in the truck.
And we were jumping in the back
of the truck and he took off.
>>NOORY: What do you
think that box was?
>>PAIGE: I'm
starting, the more I'm
looking into these
strange boxes.
I think in my
particular case, it
might have been something
we were experimenting,
meaning we Black Access projects
along with the plasma ball
lightning.
>>NOORY: You think it was ours?
>>PAIGE: Maybe, perhaps.
>>NOORY: Or theirs?
>>PAIGE: I think the box,
like in the Higdon case,
and perhaps the box that
was seen in The Meadows
maybe was theirs.
But this particular
box might have
been something we were trying
to back engineer from something.
I don't know, it just seems to
be a little different than some
of these other box encounters.
However, that being
said, we do even
have boxes that are seen flying
and hovering in other reports.
So I'm just trying to
gobble up all the box
reports that I can find.
And antiquity had
artwork that depicted
square, rectangular things
flying in our skies.
Are they communication devices?
I don't know.
Did it have something
to do with the cattle
mutilations that were going
on at such a high degree?
>>NOORY: Or all of the above.
>>PAIGE: Or all of the above.
Yeah, I really don't know.
It's so mysterious.
>>NOORY: What's the story of
the tall Nordic ETs in the box?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, that's
an interesting part--
>>NOORY: What happened there?
>>PAIGE: --of this
whole phenomenon.
Yeah, I personally
didn't have an encounter
that I can remember
anyway, but several
of the adults on
the property claim
to have interacted with
two types of beings.
>>NOORY: And you trust them?
>>PAIGE: I do trust them, I do.
Though, one gentleman, I
think is very interesting,
he has an Air Force
military background,
and I wonder if he was
involved in some of the MKUltra
kind of experiments.
He talks about bringing vagrants
and people onto the property.
Were they doing some
mind control experiments?
We have documentation
of a gentleman
named Warren and his last
name is redacted out.
Visits the ranch, felt
something take over his mind,
would release him,
he would run back.
So I question, like maybe he was
involved with some Black Access
projects.
But other adults in the
situation I do trust implicitly.
But they had claimed
they had encounters
with these
extraterrestrials, that there
were two types, that they were
in conflict with one another.
>>NOORY: Katie, let's
look at a couple sketches
of what we call the tubby guys.
Tell us what we're looking at.
And then tell us, what
does it mean, tubby?
>>PAIGE: Right, it's
a fun nickname that
just came about recently from
a podcast I did with a rather
famous person, and he
dubbed them, tubby guys,
and the name kind of stuck.
But for obvious reasons, they
have these tubes that came out.
These three tubes came from this
apparatus on the front of them.
They had long, skinny, spindly
arms, long skinny legs,
this protective shield
over their chest.
They had a heavy brow with
wrinkles on the forehead.
These larger than our
eyes and then these noses
and the wrinkles
around the mouth.
Now, what's interesting
about the image on the left.
This is from a gentleman
named Sean Bartok, who
lived 14 miles away
from where the ranch is.
And we didn't know each other.
And I went to one of
his presentations,
and that is a sketch of the
beings he saw on his property.
And he said the tubes in
the neck actually come out
like the one from the Elbert
County Ranch or the Rocky
Mountain Ranch.
>>NOORY: --coming out
of the one on the right.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, so the one
with the tubes on the outside
is from our property,
Rocky Mountain Ranch.
And the other one with
the tubes in the neck
is from another ranch
property 14 miles away.
>>NOORY: Looks like it
could be a breathing device.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, isn't
that interesting?
Yeah, some sort of
apparatus like that.
So there he is with those
long, skinny, spindly arms.
And one day I was standing
in the grocery store
and there was a magazine
talking about the future of AI,
and I'm like, oh my
goodness, could that
be what tubby guy
is on the ranch?
Was he some sort of AI
hybrid type of being?
>>NOORY: He doesn't look human.
>>PAIGE: No, he doesn't.
And were they in conflict
with the Nordics?
Maybe the Nordics don't want
us to go down a certain path
and an AI tubby guy does.
I'm not sure what
the conflict is,
but that's what was
reported in the report.
And again, the sketch
on the right there
with the tubes on the outside is
from Sean Bartok, 14 miles away,
and we didn't know each other.
So I just found that to
be more than coincidence
that we had such similar
beings represented in sketches.
>>NOORY: Now, another
creature, Katie,
that they talked about was
called the white fuzzies.
What are they?
>>PAIGE: The white fuzzies are
a Sasquatch creature that we're
seen out there on the ranch,
which is also interesting
because this area
like we talked about,
is very open and ranchy
with these patches
of Ponderosa pines.
So if we had a Sasquatch
can't live there full time.
So to me, they must be
interdimensional or coming
up and down from underground
or I don't know what,
but they were seen after--
>>NOORY: --a picture
that you sent us of this.
>>PAIGE: This was
the sketch that
was in the APRO report
of the Sasquatch
out there were the white fuzzy.
They were large and
had this gray hair.
And later on, I received
an email from Bob Salas,
and they claimed that the
airmen stationed at Malmstrom
in Montana had very similar
encounters with these same type
of creatures.
The drawings look
almost identical.
>>NOORY: How tall do
they describe this?
>>PAIGE: 8 feet.
Yeah, 8 feet.
>>NOORY: That's typical Bigfoot.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, typical,
and in the upper report
too, they say they actually
on the barbed wire fence.
They actually got
some of the hairs
and had it tested
and sent to a lab.
And it came back as
an unknown species
where that information
is now, I have no idea.
I would love to get
my hands on that.
>>NOORY: So a lot
of creepy things
have been going on this ranch.
>>PAIGE: Yes, very much so.
>>NOORY: Tell us
about John Duke.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, so
John Duke, he was
kind of the main protagonist
at the ranch at the time.
He was the gentleman that has
a very mysterious background
with the Air Force and the
report, if you read it,
some of his claims are
pretty like outlandish.
I have my suspicions that he
was part of the MKUltra program
because he talks about, in the
report, experimenting with LSD.
And in parentheses, it says
legal, which makes me think--
>>NOORY: It was sanctioned.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, it was sanctioned
for him to be doing that, so.
>>NOORY: He had an encounter
with one of these white fuzzies,
too?
>>PAIGE: He did.
But here's the thing.
If it was just John
Duke's testimony,
I might write all this
off and I wouldn't even
be doing what I'm doing.
But this has affected
so many other people
that I deem really credible.
John Duke, I had my questions
about and my suspicions about.
But there were so
many other adults,
including my mother, my
mother's boyfriend, my sister
and I, the boys, neighbors,
people in the community.
And not only just in that
one town, but the whole town
of Elbert County.
I've interviewed
so many people that
have experienced and witnessed
very similar type of events.
>>NOORY: What can you
conclude at this point?
>>PAIGE: Well, where
I stand right now,
I don't think it's
an all or nothing.
I think that both things
were going on in my research.
I believe that this
activity, the orbs, the craft
line on and off the property,
the paranormal type of things.
I think this was
going on for decades
before it was ever reported.
And then possibly this
ranch had a target on it.
We know all these strange
things are happening.
The mutilations kicked
up not only of cow
but of horse, dog, sheep.
So we had this
rash of mutilations
happening at the time.
And I think the military
learned of this area
and started doing some
Black Access projects there.
So I think it's this area where
both of these kind of things
cross paths where you
have both Black access
experiments and the unknown.
>>NOORY: The APRO reports,
tell us more about that?
>>PAIGE: The APRO
report for me, it
was given to me by John
Schuessler, who is a local here
in Colorado and one of the
founding fathers of MUFON,
the Mutual UFO Network.
And when he learned of my
involvement with the ranch,
he quickly bestowed upon me
the original briefing document
that he had on the report.
And for me, and for my
older sister and my family,
first of all, we never knew
anybody knew anything about it
or that it was
ever investigated.
So just seeing that
report, to know
that somebody else knew about
what was happening out there
was amazing to me.
And just to see the quote
from that scary night,
the attention quote was in
that APRO report, the circle
that I remembered was
in the APRO report.
And there was
just, I want to say
it was like 32 different
events that happened out there
from big cone-shaped
UFOs to the Sasquatch.
>>NOORY: It never stopped.
>>PAIGE: It never stopped.
The boxes are in there as well.
>>NOORY: What about the
police activity out there.
Were they ever
summoned out there?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, a lot.
I went just recently,
flew to Florida
to do an interview
with Bill Waugh
widow, Jean and his son Keith.
And I got to learn a lot
about behind the scenes, what
was happening with the Sheriff.
So there was Sheriff George
Yarnell and Undersheriff Bill
Waugh, and according to Bill
Waugh's family in the police
station, there in the
town, they had a big map,
and they were really pinning
where all these mutilations were
happening.
So we would have one in Elbert
County and one in Montana kind
of happening at the same time.
And they were tracking
the locations, the times.
During this two,
George, we had these
blacked out helicopters, these
mysterious copters going on.
>>NOORY: Oh, my gosh.
>>PAIGE: So all
this was going on.
And then Bill
Waugh's family also
had the paranormal type
things going on in their home.
>>NOORY: Was he credible?
>>PAIGE: He was
very credible, yes.
They were flying over in
airplanes all the time,
trying to spot
things in the sky.
He had his own encounter,
so he very much
believed there was
something very unusual
going on there in Elbert County.
>>NOORY: So you got the
police doing one thing.
You've got the
government doing another.
What about private citizens?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, I think
the private citizens
were getting really frightened.
The Cattlemen's Association at
the time had a $10,000 reward
to try and catch the
perpetrators of what was
happening.
They actually
issued a no-fly zone
over the county to try and
monitor what was happening.
So, yeah, I think they
were arming themselves.
They were quite
frightened, whatever
was happening was going
to go to humans next.
So everybody was really
on edge for several years
because this went on for
several years out there.
>>NOORY: Were there many
cattle mutilations out there?
>>PAIGE: Hundreds, almost daily.
>>NOORY: Hundreds?
>>PAIGE: Hundreds.
Yes, I have a folder this
thick with newspaper articles
from back in the day.
And like I said, it wasn't just
cow, it was horse, sheep, dog.
The whole town and even
the Colorado Bureau
of Investigations
was involved in this.
>>NOORY: Who was Sheila?
>>PAIGE: Well, Sheila
is a great witness.
Her family pioneered the town.
They have roads
named after them.
She lives in Wyoming now.
I drove out there and did
an interview with her.
Her and her husband
owned property
in Ramah, which is very
close to where the ranch was,
and her husband was
out on his horse,
checking the cows for calves.
He came across a dead
calf on the ground
and it had four
incisions cut in a square
with the top of the fur
removed, but the skin was there.
So he gets on the
horse, goes back
and gets my witness, Sheila.
They drive back in
the pickup truck,
took them about 20,
25 minutes to get back
and that calf was mutilated--
cauterized, blood drained,
organs removed.
There's the picture.
Now, this is pretty graphic.
The image on the
right shows what
it looks like when a coyote
jumps on and starts ripping out
a calf.
>>NOORY: This
thing is mutilated.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, the
one on the left
with the cauterized incision,
is that actual calf.
She sent me that picture.
She had the original photo.
So that calf had the
cut of four incisions.
And then when they got
back, it looked like this.
And what's interesting, this
was miles off the county road.
No helicopter sounds, no
footprints around the calf,
only the horse--
>>NOORY: --its legs
on the right side?
>>PAIGE: Yes, it is.
And they felt like
it was really eerie
and they felt like they
were being watched.
>>NOORY: And where's the blood?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, no blood.
A lot of these mutilations.
You will not have blood
around the animals.
Other animals or
predators will not
go near these mutilated animals.
There's this weird
cone of silence
that happens around
these mutilations.
It's really, really strange.
>>NOORY: What about the
paranormal events, Katie,
that were also called in?
>>PAIGE: Just you name it, all
your typical things being moved.
Almost like a trickster,
trickster thing.
You'd be working on something.
It's there one minute it
shows up someplace unusual.
Your typical footsteps,
light anomalies,
electrical malfunctions,
those types of things.
And, of course,
the shadow figures
that are often seen around these
high strangeness locations.
They seem to have
this hitchhiker
effect that follow you around.
And I certainly encountered
that as a young girl.
>>NOORY: How many
years went by from you
being a kid to coming back as
an adult to look at the ranch?
>>PAIGE: I have to
give away my age.
Well, like so many
of us, we go through,
we get married, go to school,
have careers, raise our kids.
But all these experiences
never really left me.
So it wasn't until the early
2000s that I started delving
back into what was happening.
I had so many
unanswered questions.
>>NOORY: --years.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, 35 years.
>>NOORY: Was there a
difference when you went back?
>>PAIGE: First
time back, I didn't
know how I was going to
react, and my reaction
to going back even surprised me.
I felt empowered as an adult. I
was in that scared little girl
anymore.
So I felt like I've been
investigating this for 12 years.
I was anxious to talk with
the owners that live there now
and kind of hear what's been
going on, the past 30-plus
years.
Yeah, I felt
empowered going back.
I still wouldn't go out
there at night, though.
No way.
>>NOORY: What did the new owners
say about what's happening now?
>>PAIGE: It's interesting.
It's a mixed bag.
I feel like Nicole has
seen these shadowy figures
in the woods, some
balls of light,
creatures in the old
part of the house.
So they have had their own,
They have these strange--
in the pond.
>>NOORY: She's their
daughter, Nicole?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, the daughter.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PAIGE: And unfortunately,
the mother passed away a year
and a half ago that lives there.
And the gentleman that owns
it now, he's a tinkerer.
He's always busy
working on things.
But I think more
and more I think
he's been enlightened
to what's been going on
and he's more aware of it.
So I think more and more things
are starting to happen to him.
>>NOORY: Why does he
continue to stay out there?
>>PAIGE: He loves it there.
The whole family does.
And that's why I
kind of felt like I
don't want to make their home
seem like a scary place with all
the history of that property,
because that is their home.
And they've lived there
for many, many, many years,
and they have very good
experiences there as well.
So again, mixed bag, you know.
>>NOORY: Are cattle mutilations
still occurring out there?
>>PAIGE: There are, there are.
And--
>>NOORY: Oh, bizarre.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, in talking with
the locals, there was one a year
and a half ago, just
really close to Elbert.
And there's a
gentleman named Carl.
He's in a lot of these
old historic papers.
I did an interview with
him, and interestingly, he
has cattle that he raises
in Woodland Park, Colorado,
as well as Elbert County.
And for the last three fourth
of July's in Woodland Park,
he's had three mutilated
cattle, one each year up in--
>>NOORY: And you mentioned
Linda Moulton Howe.
>>PAIGE: Yeah,
>>NOORY: I think her first book
was called A Strange Harvest.
>>PAIGE: That's right.
That's her film.
>>NOORY: About that?
>>PAIGE: Exactly.
Yeah, and we're
communicating a little bit
because it seems like
things are picking up again.
These mutilations are starting
to ramp back up again.
>>NOORY: Shadowy
figures you mentioned.
>>PAIGE: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What were they?
>>PAIGE: I don't
know what they are,
but I was quite frightened
of them as a little girl
and would never sleep alone.
I always slept with big
sister, over put my head
under the covers.
But they would stand right
to the side of my bed
or inside the doorway.
You'd just see them kind of--
>>NOORY: They never hurt you?
>>PAIGE: No, not to
my knowledge, no.
>>NOORY: Were you abducted?
>>PAIGE: I don't believe so.
>>NOORY: Have you ever had
a past life regression?
>>PAIGE: I have not, I have not.
>>NOORY: You might
want to do that.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, that would
be interesting to do.
>>NOORY: Why did
you go back there?
>>PAIGE: I think I wanted
to face what happened.
I have so many
unanswered questions,
and I'm such a curious mind.
And I want answers.
And I love documents, and
research, and digging.
And once I opened this
box of all these trifecta
of encounters, I
think for me, it's
been about talking
with other people who
had similar experiences,
because I felt really alone
and isolated as a young girl.
I couldn't talk about it.
You question like,
what's going on.
And for me, it's been
so wonderful to talk
with other people about their
experiences and in that--
>>NOORY: Which similar to yours.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, that
are similar to mine.
I'm like, oh, good,
I'm not alone in this.
And this is still happening.
And now we can talk about
these things that are going on.
>>NOORY: You continue to
go back there, obviously.
>>PAIGE: I do, I do.
Especially around
this landing site
where the circle is we
brought the drone up
and within under two minutes,
the battery went from 100% down
to nothing.
We charged it--
>>NOORY: Drained?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, strange.
We charged it, brought it back
up, and it was fine again.
So there's just some weird,
anomalous kind of waves of I
don't know what's happening,
but when I do go out there,
it's always in the daytime.
>>NOORY: How often
do you go there?
>>PAIGE: I try to get back every
once, every couple of months,
but I think I want to make my
visits more frequent for sure.
>>NOORY: Does it bring
back strange memories?
>>PAIGE: It does.
It absolutely does.
And for my sister as well, I was
able to go back with my sister
and that was really good to go
back the two of us together.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
brought a priest out there
and blessed the place?
>>PAIGE: I haven't, I have not.
>>NOORY: I want to do that.
>>PAIGE: Yeah,
that would be nice.
>>NOORY: Does it feel like
there's evil out there?
>>PAIGE: It definitely,
is funny you mention that.
Because visiting Blind Frog
and these other ranch locations
out in Utah, I wanted to
feel intuitively how it felt.
Because from when I was younger,
it felt very heavy and scary
there, and I wanted
to see if I still
felt that way or that
sensation of being watched.
And there are
certain areas still,
even when I'm driving around
through Elbert County,
there are certain areas
where I get that same feeling
of heaviness back.
Now, I wouldn't necessarily
call it evil, but is this--
>>NOORY: Is a doom?
>>PAIGE: It's Friday
the 13th, it's doom.
It's not necessarily doom.
It just feels like whatever's
there is aware of your presence.
And I can't say whether
it's positive or negative,
but there's an awareness there.
That's what it feels like.
>>NOORY: How close does this
ranch, the Rocky Mountain Ranch,
echo Skinwalker?
>>PAIGE: Very closely from the
mysterious military presence
in blackout helicopters to the
mutilations, to the paranormal,
to the strange sounds, the
humming, crypto creatures,
all these things.
So it's very, very
similar to that.
>>NOORY: Do the
name Bob Bigelow?
>>PAIGE: I do.
>>NOORY: What is his
involvement with this?
>>PAIGE: Well, that's
an interesting thing.
So just recently it's coming
out that Bob Bigelow owned
both the Skinwalker Ranch
and the Mount Wilson Ranch,
owned now by Jeff MacBurnie.
We just recently did a
couple visits out there
at the Mount Wilson Ranch,
and we have this whole host
of people that
were investigating
both the Skinwalker Ranch
and Mount Wilson Ranch.
And what's interesting about
the Mount Wilson Ranch and Bob
Bigelow, there's a
Howard Hughes connection.
So Howard Hughes had
a runway really close
to the Mount Wilson Ranch.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>PAIGE: And he owned
all of Pioche, Nevada.
So they're digging up strange
artifacts from under the ground.
So there could be
secret, I don't
know what's hidden underground
at the Mount Wilson Ranch.
And where the Rocky
Mountain Ranch kind of
fits into the Skinwalker
and Mount Wilson,
I feel like it predated those
by over a decade and a half.
And maybe some of these Black
Access projects and experiments
started out here at
Rocky Mountain Ranch.
And then Bob Bigelow came
in and got the Skinwalker
Ranch and the Mount Wilson Ranch
and continued the work there.
But certainly we know
Linda Moulton Howe was
aware of the Rocky Mountain
Ranch as well as Dr. Leo
Sprinkle, and they
were also there present
at Mount Wilson and
the Skinwalker Ranch.
>>NOORY: You mentioned
the daughter, Nicole.
What similarities did you
two have out that way?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, it was a really
great connecting with Nicole,
because I just wanted to
give her a hug and like,
I know what you're
going through.
She had the sense of
being watched all the time
like I did as a kid.
The shadow figures in her room.
She was really uneasy, as
if eyes were watching them
from the wood line, the tree
line at the ranch house.
And perhaps it's the
Sasquatch creature.
One thing that happened when
I revisited the ranch just
recently, it was
a very snow, snow
falling really heavy and fast.
And we go over the
barbed wire fence
and out of the
blanket of snow come
these bipedal large
footprints, one
in front of the other, pretty
wide stride for like 12
or 15 feet, then they
disappeared for another--
>>NOORY: What do you
mean they disappeared?
>>PAIGE: They just
disappeared, no tracks,
and then they reappeared
for like another 6 to 8 feet
and then disappeared again.
>>NOORY: Like the thing jumped?
>>PAIGE: It's like it came up--
I think something came
up from underground,
walked, disappeared, came up,
walked, and disappeared again.
I think it was one
of the white fuzzies.
>>NOORY: --portal or something?
>>PAIGE: Yeah,
something like that.
And to witness that was amazing.
>>NOORY: And you also
found a handprint?
>>PAIGE: Well, the
handprint was on my back.
I got, like a radiation
burn on my shoulder.
>>NOORY: Was on your back?
>>PAIGE: On my back.
>>NOORY: A handprint
on your back?
>>PAIGE: Yeah.
There it is.
>>NOORY: There it is.
>>PAIGE: There it is.
>>NOORY: Did you feel that?
>>PAIGE: I did not.
And that was the night of
the snowstorm when I had
several layers of clothes on.
So I had a hoodie, a
sweater, a shirt, a vest.
I was freezing, it
was really cold.
And the next day, it just my
shoulder started bothering me
and my daughter, like,
mom, what happened?
And that first night
back on the ranch.
It was hot to the
touch and it blistered.
I don't know if it's a radiation
burn or what that is, but to me
it almost looks like three, like
almost a handprint on my back.
And I had several
layers of clothes
on, so I have no
idea what that is.
>>NOORY: And you're not prone
to rashes or anything, are you?
>>PAIGE: No, nope.
>>NOORY: Oh, bizarre.
>>PAIGE: No.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
the dead creatures
from Mexico found at the pond.
>>PAIGE: Yeah, that's
really interesting.
>>NOORY: What happened there?
>>PAIGE: There's a little
pond on the property,
and most times it's dried out.
In the APRO report,
they talk about
not only the white fuzzies
and the Sasquatch creatures,
but other cryptid creatures
that were seen and reported
on this property, anywhere
from large birds like phoenixes
to these weird,
platypus-type creatures.
And when I was just
recently back to the ranch,
there was water.
We had a lot of rain this year
and the pond was filled up.
And one day he goes out and
there's all these dead creatures
laying around the pond.
>>NOORY: How many?
>>PAIGE: And then,
I want to say,
when he showed me the
photograph, there were-- well,
there's a few there, but there
were just all laying dead around
that--
>>NOORY: What are they?
>>PAIGE: They're not
Native to Colorado.
I believe they're a
creature from New Mexico.
And like I said, this pond is
mostly dry, so very strange.
They were all dead
around the pond
and it's really close
to the landing site.
So this pond is super
close to that landing site.
Another thing I'd like to
say about the landing site,
we did some scans of
the land right there.
And you had normal readings
to a certain depth,
and then below that, it
was completely blacked out,
as if there could be something
under the ground there
at the landing site.
And these creatures were
found there around the pond.
>>NOORY: They're
bizarre-looking creatures.
>>PAIGE: They're very bizarre.
And what's fascinating to me
about these were reported way
back in the '70s
in the APRO report.
So I don't know.
>>NOORY: It looks
like baby crocodiles.
>>PAIGE: I don't
know what they are.
>>NOORY: Do you feel
safe going there?
>>PAIGE: In the daytime, I'm
OK if I'm with other people.
>>NOORY: But you
won't go at night.
Why not?
>>PAIGE: I won't go at night.
And
>>NOORY: Why?
>>PAIGE: Well, not unless
I'm with a group of people.
I would go at night
with a group of people,
but I just feel uneasy.
I still feel watched.
I just, put it this way,
there is a house for sale
really close to the property,
and I for about two seconds
thought maybe I would
to live out there.
And then really quickly I
thought, no, I don't think so.
>>NOORY: Have they conducted
any experiments out there?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, they
have, and we're
continuing to do that as well.
>>NOORY: What kind?
>>PAIGE: I'm just
like flying drones.
We're doing readings out
there, EMF readings, radiation
readings, those kind of things.
But I'm in the process right
now with Rocky Mountain Ranch
research, getting a
good team together.
I'm not a scientist,
I'm not really great
with these different
kinds of equipments.
We did some radio experiments
with the crystal radio
where I tried to
communicate with the house.
Got interesting results
back with that I
want to recreate that,
those kind of things,
to see if we can meditate and
communicate with what's there
and really bring some positive
energy to the location.
>>NOORY: Katie, do you ever have
reports of people disappearing
out there?
>>PAIGE: Well, there was one
case, I was able to debunk it,
back in the '70s of a
reporter that went missing,
but later found out
that he was found.
So I hope that that's
not going out there.
But I often wonder where
David Pilate is, yeah.
>>NOORY: Where did he go?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, I think the
story is he just moved away.
It was of a false story, but so
hopefully nobody's disappearing.
That being said,
there's a lot of people
that live there for short
periods of time and move
away quickly.
>>NOORY: Would you buy the ranch
if you had the money to do it?
>>PAIGE: I don't think so.
No, no.
>>NOORY: You are not?
>>PAIGE: No.
The only reason I
would want to do that
would be for study
and research, but I
don't know if I'd want
to live there full time.
I don't know if
I'd be comfortable.
>>NOORY: David Morehouse
is a great remote viewer.
>>PAIGE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: He's taken
a look at this, too?
>>PAIGE: He has.
David Morehouse, they actually
did the biggest remote view
in the history of
the United States,
right there at the
ranch property.
>>NOORY: What did they see?
>>PAIGE: They had
over 70 remote viewers
from several
different countries.
They had over 3,000 data points.
And when he briefed me on
what they saw out there,
the remote viewers, I
was just, from the boxes,
they remote-viewed the boxes
with these electrical sounds
coming off.
They remote-viewed the Sasquatch
creatures, military presence
or police presence.
They remote-viewed
several different types
of entities and creatures
out there, different crafts.
And David Morehouse said,
it's kind of like a hub,
a hub of intergalactic
freeway kind of thing
there at that ranch property.
So, so many of the things
I experienced out there,
the remote viewers picked up on.
>>NOORY: What were the results
of some of the scientific tests?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, we
had unusual behavior
from the rockets, unusual
behaviors from the drones.
Unusual radar or ground
penetrating radar results
with the blacked out
underneath the landing site.
>>NOORY: What do they show?
>>PAIGE: They're showing
this big void underground.
We also did a crystal
radio experiment
where the Ham operator tried to
communicate with the location.
Nothing would happen.
It only would respond
when I would communicate
through the radio and just
the equipment just went crazy.
I'm like, hello, remember me?
>>NOORY: They were blocking you?
>>PAIGE: Yeah, it was
like something intelligent
was aware of my presence being
back on the ranch property
and would communicate
with me every time.
So it was quite unusual and
everybody was just like,
oh, my goodness, I can't
believe that even happened.
>>NOORY: If you had to
bet the ranch, what would
you say is happening out there?
>>PAIGE: I would
say now more, like I
think the military presence
out there is mostly gone now.
I think what's
happening out there now
is paranormal and
unexplained activity,
with the recent mutilations
happening out there now.
I just recently
had an elk hunter
that had an unusual
encounter out there.
So things are
still happening out
there that can't be explained.
And that's why I continue
to do research out there.
>>NOORY: Katie, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>PAIGE: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Well, we're now
aware of the Skinwalker Ranch
and now the Rocky Mountain
Ranch in Colorado.
Both places have shown
some incredible phenomena.
Is it ET?
Is it earthbound?
Maybe we'll find out.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]